on the northwest coast of Madagascar
black Chema's have a more varied diet
only males are black and this one's an
eager father even though the baby
obviously wants its mum
it seems the females have the upper hand
and don't I'm showing it
if the males are in nuisance he Woo's
her with his anal gland but she's
distinctly unimpressed black lemurs are
good at finding different kinds of food
but while doing it they also play a key
role in keeping their forests alive they
have a sweet tooth and love the nectar
of the travelers palm they gather
enthusiastically their noses buried deep
but this is all part of a clever design
in return for a drink the lemurs act
like bees and carry the precious pollen
to fertilize the next palm a millipede
could make the perfect meat course but
this male has other ideas
he's biting it and smearing its chemical
secretion all over his body
it smells like disinfectant and some
people have suggested that it acts
rather like an insect repellent in which
case it certainly looks more interesting
than any brand I know but maybe there's
more to it than that
it's extraordinary he just can't seem to
get enough
it seems humans on the only ones who
like to experiment with intoxicating
substances but perhaps you can have too
much of a good thing
you